<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
      xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
       xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui" 
       template="/dyntabs/dynTabLayout.xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html">
      
<ui:define name="mainContent">
 <p:graphicImage name="TabForge_AI_Logo_128_128_transparent.png" library="images"/>
<div class="card">
    
    <h4>Welcome to the TabForge AI Demo!</h4>
    <h5>From developer for developers - TabForge AI is a powerful development platform that takes Java web development (especially Jakarta E 11+) to the next level. A next-gen Java library that introduces AI support to the Jakarta EE ecosystem in an easy and simple way.
    </h5>
    <p>TabForge AI is a Jakarta EE library with two independent modules:
        <ul>
            <li>**DynTabs** — Single page, multi-tab PrimeFaces UI with a proper CDI scope per tab</li>
            <li>**EasyAI** —  Add AI assistants and chatbots to your app in minutes</li>
        </ul>
        Both are designed for real Jakarta EE applications: CDI, EJB, PrimeFaces, GlassFish, WildFly, Payara and others Jakarta EE 11+ app servers
    </p>

    <p:divider align="left" type="dashed">
        <b>EasyAI — LangChain4J based AI module for Jakarta EE Applications</b>
    </p:divider>

    <p>
      <b>### The problem:</b> Adding AI to a Jakarta EE application with LangChain4J means learning `ChatLanguageModel`, `AiServices`, `ToolSpecification`, `EmbeddingStore`, `ContentRetriever`, and more — before writing a single line of business logic. Spring AI has the similar problem.
    </p>
    <p>
      <b>### The solution:</b> an abstraction layer over LangChain4J. It hides all the low-level  complexity behind 
         a simple builder-pattern API. You don't need to know anything about ChatLanguageModel, AiServices, ToolSpecification, or EmbeddingStore.
    </p>
    <p>
      You just need to know 3 things:
      <ul>
        <li>EasyAI.chat()       - for simple conversations</li>
        <li>EasyAI.assistant()  - for smart assistants that can call your Java code</li>
        <li>@EasyRAG            - for AI that answers questions from your documents</li>
     </ul>
    </p>
    
    <p>
    In this way, it is quite easy (without knowing low-level LangChain4J details) to achieve:
      <ul>
        <li>Simple chat</li>
        <li>Code review by AI model</li>
        <li>You give the AI access to your existing Java services, and it decides when to call them based on the user's question.
           NOTE: YOUR SERVICE CLASSES DON'T NEED ANY AI ANNOTATIONS - they can be plain Java classes, as well as Jakarta EE EJB beans
        </li>
        <li>Document-Powered AI (RAG): Let the AI answer questions based on your PDF, DOCX, or TXT files.
            The AI reads your documents and gives answers based on their content</li>
        <li>You can combine tools (including EJB beans) AND internal documents on the same assistant</li>    
     </ul>
    </p> 
     <p>
        This way, you allow the app user to interact with the application in natural language, for example:
     </p>
     <p>   
        <i>Show me all orders for john@example.com, Cancel my order #12345, Add a blue t-shirt to my cart, What's in my cart?</i><br/>
        And AI will respond with:<br/>
        <i>The user with the email address john@example.com has the following orders: ORD-001, ORD-002, ORD-00</i>
     </p>
      
    <p>
      EasyAI fully supports Jakarta EJB beans (@Stateless, @Stateful, @Singleton) as tool objects. If you inject an EJB via @Inject and pass it to withTools(),
      everything works automatically - EasyAI detects the EJB proxy and discovers the business methods from the actual bean class.    
    </p>    
    
    <p>
      In a Jakarta EE application (GlassFish, WildFly, Payara, etc.), assistants annotated with @EasyAIAssistant are automatically injectable.
      The CDI extension (EasyAIExtension) creates one ApplicationScoped instance   per assistant interface.
    </p>
    <p>
        <p:commandLink value="Open Easy AI Demo" action="uishell:EasyAIDemo" immediate="true" process="@this"/>
    </p>

    <p:divider align="left" type="dashed">
        <b>DynTabs - framework for building single page, multi-tab Jakarta EE web applications with PrimeFaces</b>
    </p:divider>

    <p>
     Instead of having multiple XHTML pages, and managing page navigation manually, you will have only one page in the application. 
     Application modules will open dynamically as independent tabs within the same page.
     All you, as developer, need to do, is to define tabs as annotated CDI beans. The framework handles opening, closing, lifecycle, and
     state - automatically.
    </p>
    <p>
      Each tab gets its own isolated CDI bean instance via @TabScoped - a custom CDI
      scope that lives exactly as long as the tab is open. Open the same tab twice
      and you get two completely independent bean instances.
    </p>
    
    <p>
      Dynamic tabs have their own lifecycle, monitored via methods you can overide, their own Inter-Tab Communication, 
      Workflow - Parent Opens Child, Child Returns a Value, their own declarative security, and reach set of events which you can respond to by overriding 
      predefined methods. The same CDI bean can serve as multiple different tabs,  each with its own title, parameters, and security settings.
    </p>
    
    <p>
     You just need to know 4 things:
     <ul>
        <li>@DynTab          - marks a CDI bean as a tab definition</li>
        <li>@TabScoped       - custom CDI scope: one instance per open tab</li>
        <li>DynTabManager    - API for opening, closing, and selecting tabs</li>
        <li>BaseDyntabCdiBean - base class with tab lifecycle and event support</li>
     </ul>
    </p>
    <ul>
       <li> <p:commandLink value="Open Cloning  and DynTab event demo" action="uishell:Proizvodi" immediate="true" process="@this"/> </li>
       <li> <p:commandLink value="Open Parametrizes behavior demo" action="uishell:DiscountedProducts"  immediate="true" process="@this"/> </li>
       <li> <p:commandLink value="Create or edit multiple records at the same time demo" action="uishell:ProductsCrud"  immediate="true" process="@this"/> </li>       
    </ul>
    
    

</div>             
       
</ui:define>
</ui:composition>